MOOSE Docs Slides (#252)
shannon-lab/zapdos: doc/workshops/tutorial/content/examples/helpful_resources.md

# Zapdos Resources style=margin-bottom:2em;

As a user of Zapdos you have access to some support from developers and other users via the community disucssions forum:

[https://github.com/shannon-lab/zapdos/discussions](https://github.com/shannon-lab/zapdos/discussions)

> If you are struggling with an issue search to see if someone else has run into the same problem and if they haven't start a new discussion. You're also welcome to start a discussion about how to contribute any functionality you have developed so others can use it. Finally, if you encounter a replicatable bug in Zapdos code or would like to request a new feature be developed you can visit our issues page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are struggling with an issue, search to see if someone else has run into the same problem. If they haven't, start a new discussion! You're also welcome to start a discussion about how to contribute any functionality you have developed so others can use it, to share new ideas, or even show off new results! 

Finally, if you encounter a replicable bug in Zapdos code or would like to request a new feature be developed, you can visit our issues page:
```

[https://github.com/shannon-lab/zapdos/issues](https://github.com/shannon-lab/zapdos/issues)

> We do not have time to develop all requested features but we are happy to help others get started in developing and contributing the features they need for their work :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not have time to develop all requested features, but we are happy to help others get started in developing and contributing the features they need for their work. Reach out! :)
```
